# NA_Google_Gemini

#gemini_api_with_python

This is a basic tutorial on the following things:
1. How to get the google-gemini-api key - Its free available on the gemini website.
2. How to use the function mentioned in the script to write the response generated by google-gemini in a proper way.
3. The different types of models available.
4. Gemini-pro and Gemini-pro vision are the only models that 'generateContent'.
5. Gemini-pro helps in providing text output when input as text is given.
6. response.candidates gives the response which performed the best in terms of safety ratings.
7. Gemini-pro-vision helps in proving the text in case of an Image content.
8. The prompt can be generated after doing some generation configurations with parameters like candidate_count, stop sequences(ie. after which sentence / word response should be clipped),
max_output_tokens ie. the maximum number of tokens that is required for a specific response,
temperature ie. it determines the randomness /creativity for a particular reseponse.
9.chat.history helps in retaining the history.
10. Count tokens helps in finding the number of tokens/ words. each token is approx equal to 4 characters.
11. Gemini also includes few embeddings model that are solely used for creating the numbers/vectors out of the words.
12. Embeddings are nothing but the numeric/vector respresentation the words or sentences.Usage:embed_content
13. For generation sepecific models ie. generate_content models can also be configured with certain safety settings that determine on the bases of category like harassment, sexually explicit and to what degrees. 

   
